Add reference data vignette (#40)
Dynamo-HIA/hiaR: vignettes/reference_data.Rmd

DYNAMO-HIA model. We use the Global Burden of Disease (GBD) data to create reference data for
the mortality of COVID-19 in the Netherlands. The GBD data is available from the [IHME website](http://ghdx.healthdata.org/gbd-results-tool). 
The data can be downloaded from the following
[link](https://vizhub.healthdata.org/gbd-results?params=gbd-api-2021-permalink/e97296bbd66d629c3a05e9b309867160)
after registering on the website and entering a user agreement. For simplicity, we include simulated
data with identical format in the `hiaR` package that we will use in this tutorial. Please
install the `dplyr` and `tidyr` packages to run this tutorial:

```{r}
install.packages(c("dplyr", "tidyr"))
```

We start by loading the `hiaR` package and the example data `covid19nl`. When using the real GBD data,
the data can be loaded from CSV with `read.csv` or a similar function. For documentation on the 
variables, see the [IHME Data and Tools Guide](https://www.healthdata.org/research-analysis/about-gbd/gbd-data-and-tools-guide).

```{r setup}
library(dplyr)
library(tidyr)

library(hiaR)

disease <- "COVID-19"

> data(covid19nl)

Author: Did you use `devtools::load_all` or install the package? I think for me only installing worked properly.

> data(covid19nl)

Reviewer: your're right, just installed and it works.

```

Finally, we create a data frame and list for disease-adjusted life years (DALYs).

```{r}
daly_df <- preprocessed_df |>
  filter(Measure == "DALYs (Disability-Adjusted Life Years)" & Metric == "Percent") |>
  select(age = age_num, sex = sex_num, percent = Value) 

daly_list <- list(NL = list(data = daly_df))

```

With the prevalence, incidence, mortality, and DALY lists, we can now write the XML configuration 
files for the DYNAMO-HIA model that contain the reference data. 
We use the `write_disease_dir` function inside a temporary directory:

```{r}
withr::with_tempdir({
  fs::dir_create("Reference_Data")
  
  withr::with_dir("Reference_Data", {
    fs::dir_create("Diseases")
    
    withr::with_dir("Diseases", {
      write_disease_dir(disease_name = disease,
                        prevalences_list = prevalence_list,
                        incidences_list = incidence_list,
                        excess_mortalities_list = mortality_list, 
                        disability_list = daly_list,
                        risk_factor_list = list(),
                        diseases_list = list())
    })
  })
})

```

> The function writes the XML files in the `Reference_Data/Diseases/` sub directory where the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function writes the XML files in the `Reference_Data/Diseases/` subdirectory where the
```
